[Try it!](https://christernilsson.github.io/Seniorschack/Seniorschack_Stockholm)

* This program produces html files
	* Using directory names and file names
	* Transpiling markdown to html

* The directory structure is used to minimize the amount av markdown needed.
	* You can reorganize your directory tree without changing any code.
	* Move files and directories and rerun makeAll.py to update all .html files
	* Change file and directory names with no code changes

* You have a choice between using directories and files or markdown files or a combination of both
	* markdown files gives you the opportunity to show the alternatives in any order.
	* markdown files are also used to add text, pictures and more.
	* You can specify a link using a .link file.
		* The name of the file will be displayed to the user.
		* The .link file contains a link or an url.

Here are some alternatives using directory Information.
[] indicates what the browser will display.

```
Info.pdf                                      [Info]

index.md (contains a link to Info.pdf)        [Info]

Info.link (contains a link to Info.pdf)       [Info]

Information                                   [Information]
	Info.pdf                                      [Info]

Information                                   [Information]
	index.md (contains a link to Info.pdf)        [Info]

Information.md (contains a link to Info.pdf)  [Information]
                                                  [Info]

Information                                   [Information]
	Info.link (contains a link to Info.pdf)       [Info]
```

* You can inspect the markdown file by clicking on the main header.
The file name and location can be found by looking at the url in the browser.
If the header is not clickable, then file structure is used to generate html.

* makeAll.py transpiles all .md-files to .html files.
	* No md file is mandatory.
	* You define it when you want to add text or links.
	* In fact, you can use zero md files.

* Deploy by copying the root folder to your server.

* Helpful:
	* VS Code and Run On Save
	* VS Code and Go Live

* [Cheat Sheet](https://commonmark.org/help/)

* Extension: [Tables](https://python-markdown.github.io/extensions/tables/)

* style.css
This file can be used in all levels of the hierarchy. Lower levels has higher priority.

* Make AUTO ignore folders and files
	* Prefix the names with **X_** (**_** was not accepted by github pages)
		* You can still reference them explicitly

## CONTENT
This keyword can be used in a markdown file.  
It will be replaced with the autogenerated content.  
This enables adding information before and after the keyword.  

## The order within a folder might be different from the web page

This is due to VS Code showing folders before files.  
The menus in Tiny sorts folders and files together.  
Example: Klubben

## Format för filnamn och katalognamn i Nyheter

```
12345678901234
yyyy-mm-dd_I_Inbjudan_till_turnering_på_Salongerna
```
Först kommer datum enligt ISO-standard.  
Därefter kommer nyhetstyp:

|Typ|Förklaring|
|:-:|-|
|I|Inbjudan|
|F|Föredrag|
|M|Meddelande|
|R|Resultat|
| |Övrigt|

Observera att du måste byta ut blanktecken mot _ !

## changeMonth

Verkar som att funktionen måste definieras i varje månadsfil.

## Filer med filtypen .auto

Om man inte är nöjd med den automatiska genereringen, kan man döpa om .auto-filen till .md och redigera den själv.  
(Gäller ej .auto närmast roten eftersom den innehåller ett klockslag)

## Vad gör makeAll.py?

* Generatorn binder ihop alla kataloger och filer så att man kommer åt dem via rotens index.html
* Detta sker genom att skapa html-filer och auto-filer
* Auto-filerna kan aktiveras genom att döpa om dem till .md och redigera dem.
* Ser till style.css kaskadanropas. Lägsta css-filen har högst prioritet.
* Använder templates. Den ena används för roten.
* Byter ut vissa strångar mot andra.
* Sortera menyerna alfabetiskt.
